README.md, before:

pinky
=====

![](icon.png)

Web Extension making [The Settlers Online](http://www.thesettlersonline.com/) collectibles easy to find!

Pinky should now work in Chrome, Edge, Firefox and Opera!

## What?

Pinky replaces...

![](http://static.cdn.ubi.com/0018/live/GFX_HASHED/building_lib/41b8238caac031c265efe08544a21ac4be91f534.png)
![](http://static.cdn.ubi.com/0018/live/GFX_HASHED/building_lib/7dc1e1f289646ba15aeef107efe7026ebb58e8b1.png)
![](http://static.cdn.ubi.com/0018/live/GFX_HASHED/building_lib/8257a3e50f6ae19db4aeb2c978949b2d81021a61.png)
![](http://static.cdn.ubi.com/0018/live/GFX_HASHED/building_lib/bd76cd8196c23aaf73139bc263002cf759afc1ce.png)
![](http://static.cdn.ubi.com/0018/live/GFX_HASHED/building_lib/db5c26a467c4f5dee9804c7c88417103515c326a.png)
![](http://static.cdn.ubi.com/0018/live/GFX_HASHED/building_lib/f237f6c7e3b6c6aac01ae7f51cd917bdeb6ddec2.png)
...

... with

![](http://dummyimage.com/48x48/ff00ff/ff00ff.png)

## How?

It intercepts some of requests made by your browser (see: [#Permissions](#Permissions)).
If request's url matches one of known collectibles urls, it is redirected to something more... visible.
Check out [JavaScript APIs](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/webRequest) for details.

## Where?

You can install Pinky with just one click.

<a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pinky/eijmklfnehnnkbfcoabieogaomookbna"><img src="https://developer.chrome.com/webstore/images/ChromeWebStore_Badge_v2_206x58.png"/></a>

Happy collecting! ;-)

## Permissions

Pinky isn't greedy! It only needs to read and modify data from [static.cdn.ubi.com](http://static.cdn.ubi.com) site.

## Tips

Only if you really like it...

<p><a href="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=BVCT6E8FW7P7Q&lc=US&item_name=perceptron8%2fpinky&currency_code=USD&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF%3abtn_donate_LG%2egif%3aNonHosted"><img src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_LG.gif"/></a></p>

Commit message:

update README.md, remove "homepage_url" from manifest.json

README.md, after:

pinky
=====

![](icon.png)

Extension making [The Settlers Online](http://www.thesettlersonline.com/) collectibles easy to find!

## What?

Pinky replaces...

![](http://static.cdn.ubi.com/0018/live/GFX_HASHED/building_lib/41b8238caac031c265efe08544a21ac4be91f534.png)
![](http://static.cdn.ubi.com/0018/live/GFX_HASHED/building_lib/7dc1e1f289646ba15aeef107efe7026ebb58e8b1.png)
![](http://static.cdn.ubi.com/0018/live/GFX_HASHED/building_lib/8257a3e50f6ae19db4aeb2c978949b2d81021a61.png)
![](http://static.cdn.ubi.com/0018/live/GFX_HASHED/building_lib/bd76cd8196c23aaf73139bc263002cf759afc1ce.png)
![](http://static.cdn.ubi.com/0018/live/GFX_HASHED/building_lib/db5c26a467c4f5dee9804c7c88417103515c326a.png)
![](http://static.cdn.ubi.com/0018/live/GFX_HASHED/building_lib/f237f6c7e3b6c6aac01ae7f51cd917bdeb6ddec2.png)
...

... with

![](http://dummyimage.com/48x48/ff00ff/ff00ff.png)

## How?

It redirects some of the requests made by your browser (see [Permissions](#permissions)]).

Check out [JavaScript APIs](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/webRequest) for details.

## Where?

You can install Pinky with just one click!

- [Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/pinky/eijmklfnehnnkbfcoabieogaomookbna)

<!--
- [Firefox Add-Ons](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/_pinky)
-->

Happy collecting ;-)

## Permissions

Pinky needs to "read and change your data on static.cdn.ubi.com".

It has no access to any of your personal/profile data.

## Tips

If you really like...

<a href="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=BVCT6E8FW7P7Q&lc=US&item_name=perceptron8%2fpinky&currency_code=USD&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF%3abtn_donate_LG%2egif%3aNonHosted"><img src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donate_LG.gif"/></a>
